I remember holding on to my partner’s hand
and I was like, “Oh my, God!
All of this stuff.”
It was really exciting, and I thought, “Wow.
This is a special experience.”
They had performances.
I remember this one woman, like, pulled this
long thing out of her vagina that was...
You know, like clowns do?
With lots of colours. [laughs]
And I also really remember being
struck by this one scene where there were
two women.
One who was lying on a bed.
It was a kink scene, so there were needles
going into her shoulder, right, in a row,
and they were attached to the bed frame so
that if she moved, it would pull on the needles.
And the dom, I guess, right?
The person who was doing it was so tender,
and so sweet, and so loving.
I remember being so struck by this contrast.
And really got me interested in kink, in a
different way.
So, I had this in my head when we were organizing
these things Like, “Wow.
They did some really great things.
That was a powerful experience for me.”
So that was an inspiration for me that I brought
to the event.